The reflection should be 2-3 pages total


● (3 pts) ​Discuss 3 to 5 user interface bugs you found in your heuristic evaluation. Be sure
to include your design for fixing those bugs, annotated screenshots are ok.

-


● (3 pts)​ What challenges or bugs did you encounter in the process of implementation,
and how did you overcome the challenges?

1. One of the biggest challenge for this project wa the amount of variable CSS hasL Flex box, flow, column, direction, etc. As Jason mentioned, modern web is messy. Really messy, and it was a pain to develop with. To solve this challenge, a lot of Googling was employed to find the correct way to display things.

2. Flex boxes by far is the most anything element to work with in CSS. It has so many properties that are just very unintuitive. To overcome this I ended up referring a lot to the website csstricks.com, specifically the flex box section of the website.

3. I am not 100% confident with class and inheritance in CSS, and therefore I ended up using a lot of IDs instead of proper class methods. Next time, I will try to learn more about class in CSS and not use this jank method of "ID1_subID1".



● (3 pts) ​How is the brand identity of your client reflected through your design choices?
What kind of look and feel did you design for them and why?

Bun Bun Bakery brand is about the glorious taste of food it provides. It's about the mouth watering effect that the cinnamon has the people, and that is why I choose to use a splash image of decadent cinnamon rolls when the user land. Another key selling point for Bun Bun is that it is transforming into a digital bakery, and therefore convince and  simplicity is valued. This is reflected by the fact that for most of the website, I used subdued grey scale with the emphasis being on the images. Additionally, once the user clicks on "Browse All", Bun Bun shows when you're delivery would get to you.   By toning down the design and allowing the images to speak for itself, Bun Bun Bakery is poised to become Pittsburgh best digital first bakery.

